hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 1991 film Terminator 2
Judgment Day so let's get started the
summary relies heavily on knowledge of
the previous film if you haven't seen it
already check out my spoiler for the
Terminator film in the link below the
film opens in the year 1995 where John
Connor is now 10 years old living with
his foster parents his mom Sarah Connor
was arrested for attempting to bomb a
computer factory presumably one related
a Skynet and is placed in a mental
hospital the robots in the future have
sent a new terminator known as the t1000
back to kill John
the t1000 is made of an amorphous metal
like substance allowing you to change
his shape and appearance primarily
however he looks like a policeman that
he killed in the beginning of the film
in order to defend his younger self the
future John Connor has sent back a
reprogrammed t800 Terminator the
Terminator who tried to kill his mother
in the first film still played by Arnold
Schwarzenegger both the t1000 and the
Terminator find John at a shopping mall
a chase ensues and John and the
Terminator escape
John convinces the Terminator to break
his mother out of the mental hospital
though initially she is terrified as she
thinks the Terminator is there to try to
kill her the three of them are chased by
the t1000 but they escape the Terminator
informs John and Sarah that when the new
program Skynet and artificial
intelligence goes live it will initiate
a nuclear holocaust known it's Judgment
Day and then it will continue to create
machines to exterminate the remainder of
humanity Sarah finds out the primary man
behind Skynet is Miles Bennett Dyson who
works for Cyberdyne systems miles is
creating a new neural net CPU which is
the basis of Skynet Sarah decides to try
to kill miles in order to prevent
Judgment Day from occurring when Sarah
corners miles in his home she wounds him
but is unable to execute him in front of
his family they instead warn him of the
consequences that his work will bring
about
and miles reveals that most of his
research came from reverse engineering
technology from the arm of the destroyed
Terminator robot from the first film the
group then breaks into the Cyberdyne
building in order to destroy the
Terminator arm in CPU stored there
the group obtains the CPU and the arm
then the police arrive and miles is shot
but he is able to destroy the lab in his
research and sacrifices himself
the t1000 continues to chase the group
into a steel mill and the Terminator
tries to hold the t1000 off and
eventually the t1000 is destroyed by a
grenade launcher and a vat of lava John
throws the arm in the CPU into the VAT
as well the Terminator then decides to
self terminate so he can never be
reverse engineered like the arm was he
lowers himself into the VAT and the film
ends with Sarah thinking about the
future so that was the spoilers for
Terminator 2 Judgment Day if you have a
film you'd like to see me spoil please
let me know in the comments below check
out movie's spoiler alerts on the
various forms of social media listed
below and remember to like and subscribe
thanks for watching